docs(dashboard): initial commit for docs about the dashboard (#544)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/product/dashboard.md

# Dashboard

> The dashboard is the first page you see when you log in to the app. It provides an overview of your account and the
> status of your infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard is the first page you see when logging into the app. It provides an overview of your account and the
status of your infrastructure.
```

## Creating a new view

The Dashboard comes with two predefined views: `Overview` and `Metrics`. You can switch between them by clicking on the
tabs at the top of the page.

You can also create your own views to customize the dashboard to your needs. To create a new view, click on the `+`
button next to the existing tabs.

![](../assets/screenshots/dashboard_adding_views.png)

> "Manage views" dialog will appear. Here you can customize the layout settings and choose the widgets you want to display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Manage views" dialog will appear. Here you can customize the layout settings and choose the widgets you want to display.
```

![](../assets/screenshots/dashboard_manage_views.png)

> ## Changing landing page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changing the landing page
```
